You've got dirt on your nose, by the way. Did you know? Just there.
The house of Godric Gryffindor has commanded the respect of the wizarding world for nearly ten centuries. I will not have you, in the course of a single evening, besmirching that name by behaving like a babbling, bumbling band of baboons!
If you die down there, you're welcome to share my toilet.
Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honorary member of the Dark Force Defense League, and five times winner of Witch Weekly's Most Charming Smile Award. But I don't talk about that; I didn't get rid of the Banden Banshee by smiling at him.
I solemnly swear that I am up to no good.
He will return tonight! He who betrayed his friends - whose heart rots with murder! Innocent blood shall be shed and servant and master shall be reunited once moooooooore!
As the Minister of Magic, it is my duty to inform you that earlier this evening your uncle's sister was located a little south of Sheffield, circling a chimney stack. The Accidental Magic Reversal department was dispatched immediately, she has been properly punctured and her memory modified. She will have no recollection of the event whatsoever so that's that and no harm done. Pea soup?
See? Right here. You may be young in years but the heart that beats beneath your bosom is as shriveled as an old maid's, your soul as dry as the pages of the books to which you so desperately cleave.
LET ME THROUGH! Let me through, THAT'S MY SON! That's my boy!
Hey, my eyes aren't glistening with the ghosts of my past!
You've lost old man.
By which time I shall be gone, and you ... shall be dead.
Witness for the defense, Albus Percival Wulfric ... Brian ... Dumbledore.
I see them too. You're just as sane as I am.
Good to see you, Wallenby.
Mum used to read those to me as a kid! "The Wizard and the Hopping Pot," "Babbity Rabbity And Her Cackling Stump" ...
The Ministry has fallen. The Minister of Magic is dead. They are coming.
Turmoil has engulfed the Galactic Republic. The taxation of trade routes to outlying star systems is in dispute. Hoping to resolve the matter with a blockade of deadly battleships, the greedy Trade Federation has stopped all shipping to the small planet of Naboo. While the Congress of the Republic endlessly debates this alarming chain of events, the Supreme Chancellor has secretly dispatched two Jedi Knights, the guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy, to settle the conflict ...
There is unrest in the Galactic Senate. Several thousand solar systems have declared their intentions to leave the Republic. This separatist movement, under the leadership of the mysterious Count Dooku, has made it difficult for the limited number of Jedi Knights to maintain peace and order in the galaxy. Senator Amidala, the former Queen of Naboo, is returning to the Galactic Senate to vote on the critical issue of creating an ARMY OF THE REPUBLIC to assist the overwhelmed Jedi ...
And as my first act with this new authority, I will create a grand army of the Republic to counter the increasing threats of the Separatists.
War! The Republic is crumbling under attacks by the ruthless Sith Lord, Count Dooku. There are heroes on both sides. Evil is everywhere. In a stunning move, the fiendish droid leader, General Grievous, has swept into the Republic capital and kidnapped Chancellor Palpatine, leader of the Galactic Senate. As the Separatist Droid Army attempts to flee the besieged capital with their valuable hostage, two Jedi Knights lead a desperate mission to rescue the captive Chancellor ...
Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis the wise?
Master Skywalker, there are too many of them! What are we going to do?
Good. Good! The Force is strong with you. A powerful Sith you will become. Anakin Skywalker, you are one with the Order of the Sith Lords. Henceforth, you shall be known as Darth ... Vader.
General Grievous ... you're shorter than I expected.
UNLIMITED POWER!
It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, striking from a hidden base, have won their first victory against the evil Galactic Empire. During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the Death Star, an armored space station with enough power to destroy an entire planet. Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of the stolen plans that can save her people and restore freedom to the galaxy ...
Uh, we had a slight weapons malfunction, but uh ... everything's perfectly all right now. We're fine. We're all fine here now, thank you. How are you?
General Kenobi. Years ago you served my father in the Clone Wars. Now he begs you to help him in his struggle against the Empire. I regret that I am unable to present my father's request to you in person, but my ship has fallen under attack, and I'm afraid my mission to bring you to Alderaan has failed. I have placed information vital to the survival of the Rebellion into the memory systems of this R2 unit. My father will know how to retrieve it. You must see this droid safely delivered to him on Alderaan. This is our most desperate hour. Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
These aren't the droids you're looking for.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid.
Mos Eisley spaceport: You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. We must be cautious.
Look, Your Worshipfulness, let's get one thing straight. I take orders from just one person: me.
Don't try to frighten us with your sorcerer's ways, Lord Vader. Your sad devotion to that ancient religion has not helped you conjure up the stolen data tapes, or given you clairvoyance enough to find the Rebels' hidden fort.
You're far too trusting. Dantooine is too remote to make an effective demonstration - but don't worry; we will deal with your rebel friends soon enough.
But I was going into Tosche Station to pick up some power converters!
It is a dark time for the Rebellion. Although the Death Star has been destroyed, Imperial troops have driven the Rebel forces from their hidden base and pursued them across the galaxy. Evading the dreaded Imperial Starfleet, a group of freedom fighters led by Luke Skywalker has established a new secret base on the remote ice world of Hoth. The evil lord Darth Vader, obsessed with finding young Skywalker, has dispatched thousands of remote probes into the far reaches of space ...
Why, you stuck up ... half-witted ... scruffy-looking ... Nerf-herder!
Luke Skywalker has returned to his home planet of Tatooine in an attempt to rescue his friend Han Solo from the clutches of the vile gangster Jabba the Hutt. Little does Luke know that the GALACTIC EMPIRE has begun construction on a new armored space station even more powerful than the first dreaded Death Star. When completed, this ultimate weapon will spell certain doom for the small band of rebels struggling to restore freedom to the galaxy ...
When nine hundred years old you reach, look as good you will not, hmm?
His high exaltedness, the Great Jabba the Hutt, has decreed that you are to be terminated immediately. You will therefore be taken to the Dune Sea, and cast into the pit of Carkoon, the nesting place of the all-powerful Sarlaac. In his belly you will find a new definition of pain and suffering as you are slowly digested over a thousand years.
This is the way.
Flower gleam and glow. Let your powers shine. Make the clock reverse. Bring back what once was mine. Heal what has been hurt. Change the fates' design. Save what has been lost. Bring back what once was mine, what once was mine.
Look in that mirror. Do you know what I see? I see a strong, confident, beautiful young lady. Oh look, you're here too!
Frying pans! Who knew, right?
Really let that seep in. What are you getting? Because to me, that's part man-smell, and the other part is really bad man-smell. I don't know why, but overall it just smells like the color brown. Your thoughts?
I'm not freaking out. Are you freaking out? No, I'm just very interested in your hair and the magical qualities that it possesses. How long has it been doing that, exactly?
He comes on with his big, innocent farm boy routine, but I could see through that in a Peloponnesian minute.
Thanks for everything, Herc. It's been a real slice.
Are you satisfied with your care?
Everybody wants to be a cat; because a cat's the only cat who knows where it's at.
I'm Abraham DeLacey / Guiseppe Casey / Thomas O'Malley / O'Malley the alley cat.
If you wear a dress, and have an animal sidekick, you're a princess.
When you use a bird to write with, it's called tweeting.
Really? Blow dart in my butt cheek?